# Shape's Hard Skill Test - Machine Learning Engineer

The challenge consists of refactoring the `job_test_challenge.py` script into
more modularized code, implementing best practices, writing proper
documentation, and making it more suitable for a product release. To reach this
goal, you should feel absolutely free to change the code and configuration
architecture. Also, a few "TODOs" are included in the code and must be
implemented.

You must write a `README.md` file describing the chosen strategy and the reason
behind each implemented change. If there are any changes you would have liked
to implement, but didn't have the time, you may document such planned
improvements in the README and/or in the code as comments (whichever you deem
more appropriate). If you do so, please be as detailed and specific as
possible.

Consider that this code will be deployed to a production environment on a big
data scenario, where the sample data file represents a gigabytes size table on
a data lake.

You are free (and encouraged!) to use Python's standard library, and it's also
OK to use standard ML and big-data tools (e.g. numpy, pyspark), but please
avoid using full-featured frameworks that would "do the job" for you. We want
to see how you handle the task using pure Python yourself. If you feel the need
to include any third-party tool in the project, your choice must be properly
justified.

The pickle file was generated using Python 3.13 and scikit-learn 1.6.1. We
expect your solution to run without errors or warnings in a Python virtual
environment using these versions.

Please deliver your solution as a self-contained zip archive. We expect you to
use Git to track your development, and to include the `.git` directory in the
archive.

## Suggestions

- This challenge is not intended to be time consuming. We expect a clean, but
  simple solution.
- Explaining your decisions and the reasons behind them is as important as the
  code itself.
- Please do not share your solution on any public platform.
